pages/privacy-policy.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
permalink: /privacy-policy/
comments: false
---

### Information that is gathered from visitors
In common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor's IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit.

Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website.

Where registration is required, the visitor's email and a username will be stored on the server.

### How the Information is used
The information is used to enhance the vistor's experience when using the website to display personalised content and possibly advertising.

E-mail addresses will not be sold, rented or leased to 3rd parties.

E-mail may be sent to inform you of news of our services or offers by us or our affiliates.

### Visitor Options
If you have subscribed to one of our services, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions which are included in e-mail that you receive.

You may be able to block cookies via your browser settings but this may prevent you from access to certain features of the website.

### Cookies
Cookies are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser that allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting the website. Also they may be used to track your return visits to the website.

3rd party advertising companies may also use cookies for tracking purposes.

### Google Ads
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads.

Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to visitors based on their visit to sites they visit on the Internet.

Website visitors may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

Commit message:

Privacy Policy and About Page Changes

pages/privacy-policy.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
permalink: /privacy-policy/
comments: false
---

At InnerChronicles, we value your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal information. This Privacy Policy outlines how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your data when you visit our website.

### Information Collection and Use
We may collect personal information such as your name and email address when you voluntarily submit it to us.
We use this information to provide you with a personalized experience, respond to your inquiries, and send you relevant updates.

### Data Storage and Security
We employ industry-standard security measures to protect your information from unauthorized access, loss, or misuse.
Your personal data is stored securely and is only accessible to authorized personnel who require it for the purposes outlined in this policy.

### Third-Party Links
Our website may contain links to third-party websites or services. We are not responsible for their privacy practices, so we encourage you to review their respective privacy policies.

### Cookies
We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience and analyze website traffic. You have the option to disable cookies in your browser settings.

### Data Retention
We retain your personal information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as required by law.

### Updates to the Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes will be posted on this page, and we recommend reviewing it periodically.
By using InnerChronicles, you consent to the terms outlined in this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us at [nishanta454@gmail.com](mailto:nishanta454@gmail.com)

**Last updated:**  20-May-2023
